Add thumbnail for featured dataverses (#10433)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/10433-release-notes.md

> Add a thumbnail logo into Theme dataverse page to be display on featured dataverses. If present, the thumbnail is show, otherwise it's the logo, otherwise the Dataverse Logo is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ability to configure a thumbnail logo that is displayed for a collection when the collection is configured as a featured collection. If present, this thumbnail logo is shown. Otherwise, the collection logo is shown. Configuration is done under the "Theme" for a collection.
```
